Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence . We will comply with all 
removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2516 ; Title 7 , Section 306 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 24 weeks ! 
Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it plus how many people you know are 
on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep and SELL MORE ! You can begin at 
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us . 
Prof Ames of Georgia tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" . This offer is 100% 
legal ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
40% . God Bless ! Dear Cybercitizen , Especially for 
you - this hot information . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 ; Title 1 ; Section 308 ! This is 
a ligitimate business proposal . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 90 weeks ! Have 
you ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and 
how long the line-ups are at bank machines ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will 
help YOU deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and turn your business into an E-BUSINESS . You can 
begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe 
us . Mrs Jones of Florida tried us and says "I was 
skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB member 
in good standing ! For God's sake, order now . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 20% ! Warmest 
regards . Dear Cybercitizen , You made the right decision 
when you signed up for our mailing list . This is a 
one time mailing there is no need to request removal 
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 1619 , Title 4 , Section 
305 ! This is different than anything else you've seen 
! Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 65 months . Have you ever noticed people love 
convenience and people love convenience ! Well, now 
is your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help 
YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 180% plus deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Ames of Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm rich 
many more things are possible" ! This offer is 100% 
legal . Do not go to sleep without ordering . Sign 
up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% . God 
Bless . 
